General rules on casing (per July 31 discussion) (#70)
IviFoundation/IviDrivers: IviDriverAnsiC/1.0/Spec/IviDriverAnsi-C.md

To avoid naming collisions, symbols that the driver puts into the global name space shall be guaranteed unique by prefixing the symbol with an appropriately cased version of the `<DriverIdentifier>`.

The following casing rules shall be followed:

| Language Element | Casing                  |
| ---------------- | ----------------------- |
| function names   | snake-case              |
| enumeration members | upper-case with underscore separators ('_') |
| const (and macros (`#define`)) | upper-case with underscore separators ('_') (also known as screaming snake-case)|

> | types (`typedef`, `struct`) | Pascal case (also known as upper camel-case) |

Author: 2025-08-14: WG -- add 3rd column per above.

ACTION: Joe to complete for next meeting

To avoid naming collisions, symbols that the driver puts into the global name space shall be guaranteed unique by prefixing the symbol with an appropriately cased version of the `<DriverIdentifier>`.

In the following table, examples are all for a device with `<DriverIdentifier>` of `AC123Dev`, which would represent an instrument vendor identified by `AC` and a model or family identified by `123Dev`.  [Substitutions](#substitutions) has usage information on the driver identifier.

The following casing rules shall be followed:

| Language Element | Example | Description                  |

> | ---------------- | ------- | -------------- |
> | function names   | AC1234Dev_my_function | Function names shall be in snake case preceded by the `<driver_identifier>`.  Snake case is, words in lower case separated by underscores. |
> | enumeration members | AC123DEV_COLORS_TEAL |  Enumeration members shall be upper-case with underscore separators ('_') preceded by the `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>`. The enumeration member name should be composed of the `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>` followed by a term identifying the enumeration types, and finally the member name.  That is: `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>_<ENUM TYPE>_<MEMBER>`. |
> | `const` and macros (`#define`) | AC123DEV_MAX_POWER | `const` and macros shall be upper-case with underscore separators ('_') preceded by `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>`|
> | types (`typedef`, `struct`) | AC123DevMySpecialType | Types shall be in Pascal case (also known as upper camel-case) preceded by the `<DriverIdentifier>`.  That is, words begin with upper case letter.  Conventional exceptions for acronyms. |
> | formal parameter names | start_frequency | Formal parameter names should be snake case. The driver identifier should not be used |
> 

Author: ```suggestion
| ---------------- | ------- | -------------- |
| function names   | AC1234Dev_my_function | Function names shall be in snake case preceded by the `<driver_identifier>`.  Snake case is, words in lower case separated by underscores. |
| enumeration constants | AC123DEV_COLORS_TEAL |  Enumeration constants shall be upper-case with underscore separators ('_') preceded by the `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>`. The enumeration constant name should be composed of the `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>` followed by a term identifying the enumeration type, and finally the enumeration constant name.  That is: `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>_<ENUM TYPE>_<MEMBER>`. |
| `const` and macros (`#define`) | AC123DEV_MAX_POWER | `const` and macros shall be upper-case with underscore separators ('_') preceded by `<DRIVER_IDENTIFIER>`|
| types (`typedef`, `struct`, `enum`) | AC123DevMySpecialType | Types shall be in Pascal case (also known as upper camel-case) preceded by the `<DriverIdentifier>`.  That is, words begin with upper case letter.  Conventional exceptions for acronyms. |
| formal parameter names | start_frequency | Formal parameter names should be snake case. The driver identifier should not be used |

```
